Add Scopes to Admin manual (#39)
decidim/documentation: en/modules/admin/pages/scopes.adoc

To configure Scope on the Decidim platform, go to menu:Settings[Scopes] in the admin sidebar menu. A list will appear with the existing scopes if there are any:

image:scopes_list.png[Scopes list]

If you need so, you need to first configure the Scope type.

== Form

image:scopes_types_new_form.png[New scope type form]

.Admin New Scope Type form
|===
|Field |Type |Description

|Singular
|Required
|Name of the scope type in singular.

|Plural
|Required
|Name of the scope type in plural.

|===

image:scopes_new_form.png[New scope form]

.Admin New Scope Form
|===
|Field |Type |Description

|Name
|Required
|Name of the scope.

|Code
|Required
|(Internal) name of the scope.

|Scope type
|Required
|Which type of scope it's.

|===

== Actions

You have 3 possible actions in this list after a Scope is created:

|===
|Icon |Name |Definition

|image:action_browse.png[Browse icon]
|Browse
|See and configure the children scopes for this Scope.

|image:action_edit.png[Edit icon]
|Edit
|Edit form for a Scope. It's the same form as "Create a new scope".

|image:action_delete.png[Delete icon]
|Delete

> |To delete this meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|To delete this scope.
```

|===

== Features

The main features related with scopes are:
. Filtering
. User interests and Newsletters

=== Filtering

For filtering. Most of the spaces and components allows an administrator or a participant to associate them to a scope. This allows to filter by scopes when exploring them.

image:scopes_filter_initiatives.png[Initiatives scopes filtering]

image:scopes_filter_processes.png[Processes scopes filtering]

Some examples:

* With Accountability module, so it's possible to filter Results
* Assemblies and Processes can have Scopes. It's used for filtering multiple assemblies in the main listing page (/assemblies or /processes).
* Filtering in the sidebar is possible in Budgets Projects, Initiatives and Proposals.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can also configure a participatory space so the filtering will only concern one scope and its children scopes. For example, let's imagine your organization have 3 different scopes for 3 cities, each of them having children scopes for the cities neighbourhoods. 
On a participatory space which concerns only one of the cities, you will be able to select only this scope and its children so that users do not see the scopes of other cities in the filter options. 

```

= Scopes

> A scope is all the territories or subjects that an Organization have. One scope can have children scopes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scopes are the set of territories or subjects that an Organization has. A scope may have child scopes.
```
